Segment name in contextmenu of dataviewport (#7920)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

### Added
- Added route `/import?url=<url_to_datasource>` to automatically import and view remote datasets. [#7844](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7844)

> - The context menu that is opened upon right-clicking a segment in the dataview port now contains the segment's name. [#7920](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7920) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The context menu that is opened upon right-clicking a segment in the data viewport now also contains the segment's name. [#7920](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7920) 
```
